Metrics refactoring (#2469)
opendatateam/udata: CHANGELOG.md

## Current (in progress)

### Breaking changes

- Full metrics refactoring [2459](https://github.com/opendatateam/udata/pull/2459):
  - Metric collection is now useless and will not be filled anymore.
  - Not migration was done to remove Metrics collection in order to let users decide what to do with the remaining collection.
  - Udata-piwik uses now InfluxDB
  - Most of celery's tasks are removed.

>   - View's graphs are removed from admin and dashboard panel until we have accurate data to populate them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Charts related to metrics are removed from admin and dashboard panel until we have accurate data to populate them.
```

  - Site's metrics computation are not triggered by signals anymore.

>   - A specific celery job will be run periodically to compute site's metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - A specific celery job needs to be periodically to compute site's metrics.
```

+ add the name of the job

And we send those data to influx too, right? we should mention it here, along w/ `udata-metrics`.
